Description:
    >   This program is enabling a telegram bot named passwordCrackingBot (https://t.me/PasWordCraCkingBot)
        to find the passwords of files you send to it.Is is also able to unhash the MD5 decryption of 200 English words.
        Moreover, it is able to detect if the files are locked with a password or nt, and if the files are MD5 decrypted or not.

Limitations:
    >   Can only unhash .txt files
    >   can only crack open the password of PDF,ZIP files (7zip also, but is buggy).

Architecture:
    I took a functional approach for creating the bot.
    There are 3 files.
    >   app.py - the main file. the file is in charge of generating passwords and decrypting files.
    >   telegram_communication.py - all the functions that are related to the communication with the bot.
    >   rainbow_table.py - a dummy file representing the rainbowtable i have stored on my local machine databasem used for
                           testing only.
Setup:
    >   Making sure my personal computer is ON (for db communication).
    >   The application utilizes threading. It recieves 1 command line argument - which is the number of threads the user wishes to use.
    >   Once the app is given valid command line argument and is executed - You should be able to communicate with the bot !

Future Maintenance:
    >   To expand the project to support more file types all you need to do is to add the file type to "decode_file" function in app.py
        and then write the file decryption function to use in "decode_file".

Issues:
    >   The ThreadPool i created was found inefficient (atleast on my machine). The work seems to not be parallel -
        for example: if i set 20 workers - i might only see 2 or 3 workers aat the same time, i could NOT figure out why in time,
         (As i am not familiar with threading to begin with and i had little to no time making this work).
         And so, the program is INEFFICIENT and cannot deal with a large password. Moreover, i only used the threadpool
          with PDF files and did not expand the behaviour to other file types,
          (although it is not hard to do so), but because the threadpool is not really working so i decided to leave it that way.
    >   Do not attempt to use 7zip files as for some unknown reason it isn't functioning correctly sometimes.

Notes:
    > This was a fun program to work on - and also exhausting !

